## 1.
Q. What is the sea of glass spoken of by John, 4th chapter, and 6th verse of the Revelation?
## 2.
Q. What are we to understand by the four beasts, spoken of in the same verse?
## 3.
Q. Are the four beasts limited to individual beasts, or do they represent classes or orders?
## 4.
Q. What are we to understand by the eyes and wings, which the beasts had?
## 5.
Q. What are we to understand by the four and twenty elders, spoken of by John?
## 6.
Q. What are we to understand by the book which John saw, which was sealed on the back with seven seals?
## 7.
Q. What are we to understand by the seven seals with which it was sealed?
## 8.
Q. What are we to understand by the four angels, spoken of in the 7th chapter and 1st verse of Revelation?
## 9.
Q. What are we to understand by the angel ascending from the east, Revelation 7th chapter and 2nd verse?
## 10.
Q. What time are the things spoken of in this chapter to be accomplished?
## 11.
Q. What are we to understand by sealing the one hundred and forty-four thousand, out of all the tribes of Israel--twelve thousand out of every tribe?
## 12.
Q. What are we to understand by the sounding of the trumpets, mentioned in the 8th chapter of Revelation?
## 13.
Q. When are the things to be accomplished, which are written in the 9th chapter of Revelation?
## 14.
Q. What are we to understand by the little book which was eaten by John, as mentioned in the 10th chapter of Revelation?
## 15.
Q. What is to be understood by the two witnesses, in the eleventh chapter of Revelation?
