## 1.
AND again, verily I say unto you, my friends, a commandment I give unto you, that ye shall commence a work of laying out and preparing a beginning and foundation of the city of the stake of Zion, here in the land of Kirtland, beginning at my house.
## 2.
And behold, it must be done according to the pattern which I have given unto you.
## 3.
And let the first lot on the south be consecrated unto me for the building of a house for the presidency, for the work of the presidency, in obtaining revelations; and for the work of the ministry of the presidency, in all things pertaining to the church and kingdom.
## 4.
Verily I say unto you, that it shall be built fifty-five by sixty-five feet in the width thereof and in the length thereof, in the inner court.
## 5.
And there shall be a lower court and a higher court, according to the pattern which shall be given unto you hereafter.
## 6.
And it shall be dedicated unto the Lord from the foundation thereof, according to the order of the priesthood, according to the pattern which shall be given unto you hereafter.
## 7.
And it shall be wholly dedicated unto the Lord for the work of the presidency.
## 8.
And ye shall not suffer any unclean thing to come in unto it; and my glory shall be there, and my presence shall be there.
## 9.
But if there shall come into it any unclean thing, my glory shall not be there; and my presence shall not come into it.
## 10.
And again, verily I say unto you, the second lot on the south shall be dedicated unto me for the building of a house unto me, for the work of the printing of the translation of my scriptures, and all things whatsoever I shall command you.
## 11.
And it shall be fifty-five by sixty-five feet in the width thereof and the length thereof, in the inner court; and there shall be a lower and a higher court.
## 12.
And this house shall be wholly dedicated unto the Lord from the foundation thereof, for the work of the printing, in all things whatsoever I shall command you, to be holy, undefiled, according to the pattern in all things as it shall be given unto you.
## 13.
And on the third lot shall my servant Hyrum Smith receive his inheritance.
## 14.
And on the first and second lots on the north shall my servants Reynolds Cahoon and Jared Carter receive their inheritances--
## 15.
That they may do the work which I have appointed unto them, to be a committee to build mine houses, according to the commandment, which I, the Lord God, have given unto you.
## 16.
These two houses are not to be built until I give unto you a commandment concerning them.
## 17.
And now I give unto you no more at this time. Amen.
